today we will approve the sense of pleasure that
the painted scenery you will need
of acrylic paint or spray paint on the
color you want
the vase object you want to try
Extinct white enamel gloves and brush
Starting, we'll get our
object in the case using evil already the old
I get my white enamel paint and
I paint it all out of my jar
transparent glass that is pinto
todinha in reciprocating motion and then
I place it for office now it comes
spray in my case a golden one that is
beautiful is a golden middle was the stir
enough before using and I will apply
gently move in short jets and
up and down movements
also turning my piece with my finger and
This wearing glove is not to have to
to dirty the hand or anything and not
A lot of my moves tell black not to
spot and not cumulative fifth the same
I'm going to do something in this garden that I already
I painted white only this time I go
to use a spray paint in baby blue color
I already a little try a little
out and do the same in my garden
in every move from top to bottom
gently
now I came back to you another way
I have a jug here too.
a glass I'll use an ink strip of
acrylic crafts in the color you
I want to and I'm going to dump some of this
ink inside my jar this time of
painted inside and has an effect
very nice, it's really cool, it's very simple
do
I'm going to be a little bit of this ink and
makes a spinning motion so that this
ink begins to fall and begins to cover
All my glass and I'm going to do it.
circular movements rotating my
pitcher for the satire cover all my
heard
if you already have to, you can play
a little more paint
Ideally, you should leave a pitcher of
another upside down and some like
I'm half anxious I have I do
this trick
and stay up turning the bottle to make
with which the ink that is
end of the jar cover those places that
have not been hit yet and let
rest in the day for another
And it looks like it was beautiful, I
I put the little flowers of a charm
total for my corner
I hope you have enjoyed it.
stop enjoying the video and check out the
efforts there on the blog until the next hand in the
dough with knife